_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Hi, I'm Anton!"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I’m currently an ML Research Engineer at Samsung Research working on conversational agents and machine translation. In my six years of industry experience, I’ve worked in numerous roles that span from software engineering to data science for products that reach millions of users worldwide. I earned my bachelor’s degree from the University of the Philippines - Los Baños and continued my research in the industry where I also mentor and teach others.

My research is in the fields of Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing where I focus on generative methods for low-resource tasks such as scene text recognition for low-resource scripts and machine translation. I am also dipping my toes into multimodal models particularly vision-language models. You can reach out to me via [email](mailto:anton.rufino1125@gmail.com) or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/antonrufino/) if you’re interested in talking about image generation, multimodality, and vision language models!

Commit message:

Improve about and CV pages

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Hi, I'm Anton!"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

I’m currently a Machine Learning Engineer and Researcher at Samsung Research working on conversational agents and machine translation. In my six years of industry experience, I’ve worked in numerous roles that span from software engineering to data science for products that reach millions of users worldwide. I earned my Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science *cum laude* from the University of the Philippines - Los Baños and continued my research in the industry where I also mentor and teach others.

My research lies in the intersection of Computer Vision and Natural Language Processing, particularly:
- **Generative Methods for Low-Resource Tasks**: Tasks such as machine translation and scene text recognition have established datasets for high-resource cases, examples being English-to-French translation and Latin script respectively. However, there are cases where we do not have enough data, such as Spanish to Aragonese for machine translation [on which I co-authored a paper](https://aclanthology.org/2024.wmt-1.86/), and low resource scripts such as Arabic and Korean for scene text recognition. I wish to address the question of whether existing generative models are able to generate synthetic data for these cases.
- **Vision-Language Models**: While LLMs are capable of tasks such as conversation, question-answering, etc., agents must be able to also process other forms of input from the real world, particularly visual data such as images and video. Because of this I am interested in studying Vision-Language Models which process both visual and natural language inputs.
- **Deep Learning Applications**: At Samsung, I am always on the lookout for ways to use recent advances in deep learning to improve user experience. This has currently resulted in one published [patent application](https://patents.google.com/patent/WO2024128677A1/en).

You can reach out to me via my email `anton.rufino1125@gmail.com` or [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/antonrufino/) if you’re interested in collaborating or chatting about image generation, machine translation, synthetic data, and vision-language modeling!
